Unhide `local` and `keepDocker` option + improve docs (#1756)
fern-api/fern: README.md

You can specify a version using the `--version` option. This version string is
used when publishing SDKs to registries (e.g. npm).

#### Running locally

> By default, the generation runs in the cloud. If you want to run it on your local machine, you can use the `--local` option. _This will run the compiler in a Docker container._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the generation runs in the cloud. If you want to run it on your local machine, you can use the `--local` option. This will run each generator in a Docker container.
```

> To keep the container after the compiler is done, use the `--keepDocker` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Fern will delete the container after running. To keep the container around (e.g. to look at the generator's logs), use the `--keepDocker` option.
```
